Added documentation for math.isfinite() function (#5071)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/math-module/terms/math-isfinite/math-isfinite.md

> ---
> Title: 'math.isfinite()'
> Description: 'Returns True when a number is finite or False.'
> Subjects:
>  - 'Computer Science'
>  - 'Data Science'
> Tags:
>  - 'Arithmetic'
>  - 'Boolean'
>  - 'Functions'
> CatalogContent:
>  - 'learn-python-3'
>  - 'paths/computer-science'
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
Title: 'math.isfinite()'
Description: 'Checks whether a given number is finite or not.'
Subjects:
 - 'Computer Science'
 - 'Data Science'
Tags:
 - 'Arithmetic'
 - 'Boolean'
 - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
 - 'learn-python-3'
 - 'paths/computer-science'
---
```

> The **`math.isfinite()`** function returns true when a number is finite or false. The number should neither be an infinite nor NaN. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`math.isfinite()`** function returns `True` when a number is finite and `False` otherwise. The number should neither be infinite nor `NaN`.
```

## Syntax

```psuedo
math.infinite(x)
```

> > **Note:** 0.0 is considererd finite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- `x`: The number to be checked. It can be an integer, float, or any numerical value.
```

Reviewer: Note can be added when we are using an example having *0.0* in it

## Example

> Use `math.isfinite()` to check whether `0.1` is finite or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example uses `math.isfinite()` to check whether a specific value is finite or not:
```

```py
import math

print(math.isfinite(0.1))
```

> The output shall be as follows

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The output generated is as follows:
```

```shell
True
```

> ## Codebyte

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Codebyte Example
```

Run the following example that uses the `math.isfinite()` function to understand its working:

```codebyte/python
import math

print(math.isfinite(2000))
print(math.isfinite(-45.34))
print(math.isfinite(+45.34))
print(math.isfinite(math.sqrt(8)))
print(math.isfinite(0.00001))
print(math.isfinite(math.inf))
print(math.isfinite(float("inf")))
print(math.isfinite(float("NaN")))
print(math.isfinite(-math.inf))

> ```

Reviewer: The note can be added after this.
